AI Usage Journal
Ahmed Baghdadi

9/14
This week, I used ChatGPT to get caught up on some of the core concepts that we will need in this course, beginning this week. Here is a link to my prompt: https://chatgpt.com/share/68c78636-1690-8010-b974-08c4525a74e1. Funnily enough, I also used AI for help deciphering texts a POI sent. In addition to this, I asked GPT to give me the possible causes for a hand problem I was having after eating a large meal that was high in cholesterol.

9/21
This week, I did not use AI as much as previous weeks. I did, however, just use it today to review a paper that I wrote. I submitted a screenshot of the rubric of the paper and the guidelines we were supposed to follow, then submitted the paper for review and used GPT to help identify flaws of the paper such as areas where I could improve flow and readability.

9/28
This week, I used AI to help provide me with some example coding problems I could complete to improve my python skills and possibly learn a new concept. I asked GPT-5 to provide me with the coding problems and not the answers, then I pasted my solution to the problem and asked for feedback.

10/5
This week, I used AI to help create a small spreadsheet outline so I can track client orders and payment for my small reselling business. I asked GPT-5 to "outline a spreadsheet for a small business that is selling online products and shipping domestically", and it offered me a good outline that includes sections for customer name, address, date of purchase, shipping type selected, and payment type used.

10/12
This week, I used AI to review the PlantingContainer class for encapsulation, per the instructions for the weekly discussion post for this class. I also used AI to grade one of my essays for another class I am taking, in order to get an idea of what grade I may get on the essay and what I may need to change or fix before submitting.

10/26
This week, I did not really use AI at all, besides for help with navigating the insurance and potential court battle I will need to go through for a recent car crash I was involved in.

11/2
This week, I used AI to build a gym plan for me. I have been going to the gym consistently for about 3 weeks now, and wanted to get a proper plan to follow, which includes what split I should do, what exercises I should do each day, as well as how I should eat and manage my calorie and protein intake in order to maximize results. 

11/9
This week, I used AI to draft an outline for a project in a journalism class I'm taking where I need to create a pitch for a proposed plan that solves the e-bike/e-scooter issue on campus. I asked AI to give me possible ideas for a solution, and to provide me with research related to the already proposed plans and safety measures already in effect. Then, I asked it to outline the pitch.
